Learn Programming Fundamentals using PowerShell

In this course, you will learn the core concepts of programming using PowerShell. PowerShell is a popular scripting language that is pre-installed on all Windows computers. Learning programming fundamentals will make it easier for you to learn other programming languages in the future.

This course is not intended to be a comprehensive PowerShell or computer programming course. Instead, it is focused on teaching you the core concepts of programming so that you have a solid foundation to build on. Most programming courses are geared towards software developers, which can be overwhelming for beginners. This course is mainly geared towards teaching IT and cybersecurity professionals programming so that they can start automating workflows.

I have over 10 years of programming experience, both professional and educational. I have an Associates in Computer Programming and have been automating my workflows since I started in HelpDesk up until now in my current position as a Cybersecurity Engineer. Over the years, I have discovered that most IT and cybersecurity professionals shy away from programming, and I can't blame them. While learning programming in college, it was mainly geared towards software development and not how it could be used to automate daily tasks. It wasn't until I got into IT that all the pieces came together and I realized I could do some really awesome stuff with the programming knowledge I have. And to be honest, most courses get too deep into the weeds, especially for IT/Cyberscurity professionals. I have not had to use advanced programming concepts such as classes, objects, polymorphism, and garbage collection since I graduated in a professional environment. Basic to advanced automations can be done without using advanced programming techniques.
